Documentation for the FormulaEngine (#731)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python: docs/user-guide/glossary.md

For example, a battery with a component ID of **5**.

### Component Graph

A [graph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_(abstract_data_type))
representation of the configuration in which the electrical components in a
microgrid are connected with each other.  Some of the ways in which the SDK uses

> the component graph are:

Reviewer: shouldn't be component**s** graph instead? (Same for the title if this comment applies)

Author: No,  it is like a guest list, or a paper clip

>   - figure out how to calculate high level metrics like

Reviewer: Optionally: 
```suggestion
  - figure out how to calculate high level metrics such as
```

Author: I like like.  Why do you like such as?

Reviewer: Because I think it's more formal and suitable for writing documentation. `Like` sounds more casual to me. Anyway I'm not a native-English speaker but I understand either `like` or `such as` can be used in this context, that's why I suggested it as optional

Reviewer: Actually you can find in this documentation casual terms, such as `you're interested` or `that's not`, etc so my point does not make sense :angel:

[`grid_power`][frequenz.sdk.timeseries.logical_meter.LogicalMeter.grid_power],
[`consumer_power`][frequenz.sdk.timeseries.logical_meter.LogicalMeter.consumer_power],
etc. for a microgrid, using the available components.

>   - identify the available batteries or ev chargers at a site that can be

Reviewer: *EV* chargers and you can optionally reference it in the glossary

Author: wow,  I still keep doing this.  Both fixed in: https://github.com/frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python/commit/e71612e4
